int/faq: add DKG failure docs (#286)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: docs/int/faq/dkg_failure.md

If for some reason the DKG process fails, you would see error logs that resemble this:

```
14:28:46.691 ERRO cmd        Fatal error: sync step: p2p connection failed, please retry DKG: context canceled
```

As the error message suggests, the DKG process needs to be retried.

## Cleaning up the `.charon` directory

One cannot simply retry the DKG process: Charon refuses to overwrite any runtime file in order to avoid inconsistencies and private key loss.

When attempting to re-run a DKG with an unclean data directory -- which is either `.charon` or what was specified with the `--data-dir` CLI parameter -- this is the error that will be shown:

```
14:44:13.448 ERRO cmd        Fatal error: data directory not clean, cannot continue {"disallowed_entity": "cluster-lock.json", "data-dir": "/compose/node0"}
```

The `disallowed_entity` field lists all the files that Charon refuses to overwrite, while `data-dir` is the full path of the runtime directory the DKG process is using.

In order to retry the DKG process one must delete the following entities, if present:

 - `validator_keys` directory
 - `cluster-lock.json` file
 - `deposit-data.json` file

> 
> The `charon-enr-private-key` **must be preserved**, failure in doing so requires the DKG process to be started from scratch by creating a new cluster definition.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
The `charon-enr-private-key` file **must be preserved**, failure to do so requires the DKG process to be restarted from the beginning by creating a new cluster definition.
:::
```

If you're doing a DKG with a custom cluster definition - for example, create with `charon create dkg` rather than the Obol Launchpad - you can re-use the same file.

Once this process has been completed, the cluster operators can retry a DKG.

## Further debugging

> If for some reason the DKG process fails again, node operators are adviced to reach out to the Charon team by opening an [issue](https://github.com/ObolNetwork/charon/issues), detailing what troubleshooting steps were taken and providing **debug logs**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If for some reason the DKG process fails again, node operators are adviced to reach out to the Obol team by opening an [issue](https://github.com/ObolNetwork/charon/issues), detailing what troubleshooting steps were taken and providing **debug logs**.
```

To enable debug logs first clean up the Charon data directory as explained in [the previous paragraph](#cleaning-up-the-charon-directory), then run your DKG command by appending `--log-level=debug` at the end.

> In order for the Charon team to debug your issue as quickly and precisely as possible please provide full logs in textual form, not through screenshots or display photos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the Obol team to debug your issue as quickly and precisely as possible please provide full logs in textual form, not through screenshots or display photos.
```
